Add instruction for using Btrfs as a pool for VMs as separate steps from LVM. (#1130)
QubesOS/qubes-doc: user/advanced-configuration/secondary-storage.md

qvm-pool --add <pool_name> lvm_thin -o volume_group=<vg_name>,thin_pool=<thin_pool_name>,revisions_to_keep=2
```

### BTRFS storage

> Theses steps assume you have already created a separate Btrfs filesystem for your HDD, that it is encrypted with LUKS and it is mounted. It is recommended to use a subvolume as it enables compression and excess storage can be use for other things.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theses steps assume you have a separate Btrfs filesystem available in your computer, that it is encrypted with LUKS and it is mounted. It is recommended to use a subvolume as it enables compression and excess storage can be use for other things.
```

It is possible to use already available Btrfs storage if it is configured. In dom0, available Btrfs storage can be displayed using:
```shell_session
mount -t btrfs
btrfs show filesystem
```
To register the storage to qubes:

```shell_session
# <pool_name> is a freely chosen pool name
# <dir_path> is the mounted path to the second btrfs storage
qvm-pool --add <pool_name> file-reflink -o dir_path=<dir_path>,revisions_to_keep=2
```

#### Using the new pool

> Now, you can create qubes in that pool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, create qubes in that pool:
```

```shell_session
qvm-create -P <pool_name> --label red <vmname>
```

It isn't possible to directly migrate an existing qube to the new pool, but you can clone it there, then remove the old one:

```shell_session
qvm-clone -P <pool_name> <sourceVMname> <cloneVMname>
qvm-remove <sourceVMname>
```

If that was a template, or other qube referenced elsewhere (NetVM or such), you will need to adjust those references manually after moving.
For example:

```shell_session
qvm-prefs <appvmname_based_on_old_template> template <new_template_name>
```

> #### Example HDD setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example setup
```

> Assuming the secondary hard disk is at /dev/sdb (it will be completely erased), you can set it up for encryption by doing in a dom0 terminal (use the same passphrase as the main Qubes disk to avoid a second password prompt at boot):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming the secondary drive is at /dev/sdb (it will be completely erased), you can set it up for encryption by doing in a dom0 terminal (use the same passphrase as the main Qubes disk to avoid a second password prompt at boot):
```

Nowadays, we have HDD / SDD / nvme etc...

```shell_session
sudo cryptsetup luksFormat --hash=sha512 --key-size=512 --cipher=aes-xts-plain64 --verify-passphrase /dev/sdb
sudo blkid /dev/sdb
```

Note the device's UUID (in this example "b209..."), we will use it as its luks name for auto-mounting at boot, by doing:

```shell_session
sudo nano /etc/crypttab
```

And adding this line (change both "b209..." for your device's UUID from blkid) to crypttab:

> ```shell_session

Reviewer: this is not of type shell_session

luks-b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde UUID=b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde none
```

Reboot the computer so the new luks device appears at /dev/mapper/luks-b209... and we can then create its pool, by doing this on a dom0 terminal (substitute the b209... UUIDs with yours):

##### For LVM

> First create the physical volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the physical volume:
```

```shell_session
sudo pvcreate /dev/mapper/luks-b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde
```

Then create the LVM volume group, we will use for example "qubes" as the <vg_name>:

```shell_session
sudo vgcreate qubes /dev/mapper/luks-b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde
```

And then use "poolhd0" as the <thin_pool_name> (LVM thin pool name):

```shell_session
sudo lvcreate -T -n poolhd0 -l +100%FREE qubes
```

> Finally we will tell Qubes to add a new pool on the just created thin pool:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add a new Qubes pool on the thin pool created previously:
```

```shell_session
qvm-pool --add poolhd0_qubes lvm_thin -o volume_group=qubes,thin_pool=poolhd0,revisions_to_keep=2
```
#### For Btrfs

> First create the physical volume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the physical volume:
```

```shell_session

> # <label> Btrfs Label

Reviewer: this is rather confusing, what does that mean exactly?

I understand it as `<label>` refers to the btrfs label, but it's not clear.

sudo mkfs.btrfs -L <label> /dev/mapper/luks-b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde
```

Then mount the new Btrfs to a temporary path:

```shell_session
sudo mkdir -p /mnt/new_qube_storage
sudo mount /dev/mapper/luks-b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde /mnt/new_qube_storage
```
Create a subvolume to hold the data:
```
sudo btrfs subvolume create /mnt/new_qube_storage/qubes
```
Unmount the temporary Btrfs filesystem:
```shell_session
sudo umount /mnt/new_qube_storage
rmdir /mnt/new_qube_storage
```
Mount the subvolume with compression enabled if desired:
```shell_session
# <compression> zlib|lzo|zstd
# <subvol> btrfs subvolume "qubes" in this example
sudo mount /dev/mapper/luks-b20975aa-8318-433d-8508-6c23982c6cde /var/lib/qubes_newpool -o compress=<compression>,subvol=qubes
```

> Finally we will tell Qubes to add a new pool on the just created Btrfs subvolume:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, add a new pool on the Btrfs subvolume created previously:
```

```shell_session
qvm-pool --add poolhd0_qubes file-reflink -o dir_path=/var/lib/qubes_newpool,revisions_to_keep=2
```

> By default VMs will be created on the main Qubes disk (i.e. a small SSD), to create them on this secondary HDD do the following on a dom0 terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default VMs will be created on the main Qubes disk (i.e. a small SSD), to create them on this new storage pool, run the following command in a dom0 terminal:
```
